# Kubot - Parallelizing Robot Scripts over Kubernetes Workloads

Kubot is a command-line interface (CLI) program designed to parallelize and distribute the execution of Robot Framework
scripts over Kubernetes workloads. It enables efficient and scalable execution of robot scripts using the power of
Kubernetes.

## Features

- **Parallel Execution**: Kubot utilizes Kubernetes workloads to parallelize the execution of Robot Framework scripts,
  significantly reducing the overall execution time.
- **Flexible Workspace**: You can specify the workspace path where your robot scripts are located, allowing you to
  easily manage and organize your test suites.
- **Batch Execution**: Define the batch size for parallel execution, controlling the number of scripts executed
  concurrently.

## Installation

To install Kubot, you need to have Go programming language and Docker installed on your machine. Then, run the following
command:

```bash
go get github.com/yusufcanb/kubot
```

## Usage

```bash
kubot exec --workspace=/path/to/scripts \
           --name="Daily UI Scan" \
           --batchsize=15 \
           --namespace=kubot \
           --image=docker.io/marketsquare/robotframework-browser:latest
```

Here are the environment variables you can configure the advanced Pod spec;

## Flags

- **--workspace (-w)**: Specifies the path to the workspace containing your robot scripts.
- **--name (-n)**: Sets the top-level suite name for logs and reports generated by the execution.
- **--batchsize (-b)**: Defines the execution batch size, controlling the number of scripts executed concurrently. The
- default value is 25.
- **--namespace**: Specifies the Kubernetes namespace where the workloads will be created.
- **--image (-i)**: Sets the Docker image to be used for the execution of robot scripts.
- **--selector (-s)**: Allows you to specify a script selector, such as tasks/*, to execute specific scripts or groups
  of
  scripts within your workspace.

## Workload Configuration

Here is the configuration parameters you can use;

| Name                     | Description            | Default |
|--------------------------|------------------------|---------|
| KUBOT_POD_CPU_REQUEST    | CPU request per pod    | 250m    | 
| KUBOT_POD_MEMORY_REQUEST | Memory request per Pod | 128Mi   |
| KUBOT_POD_CPU_LIMIT      | Memory limit per Pod   | 250m    |
| KUBOT_POD_MEMORY_LIMIT   | Memory limit per Pod   | 256Mi   |

## Contributing

Contributions to Kubot are welcome! If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please submit an
issue or a pull request to the GitHub repository.

Before contributing, please familiarize yourself with the general contribution guidelines.

## Acknowledgments

Kubot was inspired by the need for efficient execution of Robot Framework scripts in parallel over Kubernetes workloads.
I would like to thank the open-source community for their valuable contributions and the Robot Framework project for
providing a powerful automation framework.